Document metrics through OpenTelemetry (#65)
kubewarden/docs: src/operator-manual/metrics/02-reference.md

# Metrics Reference

> Kubewarden exposes some relevant metrics that enhaces visibility of the platform, and allows cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubewarden exposes some relevant metrics that enhance visibility of the platform, and allows cluster
```

administrators and policy developers to identify patterns and potential issues.

## Policy Server

The Policy Server is the component that initializes and runs policies. Upon receiving requests from
the Kubernetes API server, it will forward the request to the policy, and return the response
provided by the policy to the Kubernetes API server.

### Metrics

Name | Type | |
--- | --- | ---
`kubewarden_policy_evaluations_total` | Counter | [Baggage](#kubewarden_policy_evaluations_total)

#### `kubewarden_policy_evaluations_total`

##### Baggage

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add two lines explaining what a baggage is.

Just from the top of my head:

> Baggage are key-value attributes added to the metric. The baggage keys can be used to further refine the metrics.

Author: I'm adding it to the section before because the Baggage subsection is going to be repeated for every metric.

Label | Description
--- | ---
`policy_name` | Name of the policy
`resource_name` | Name of the evaluated resource
`resource_kind` | Kind of the evaluated resource

> `resource_namespace` | Namespace of the evaluated resource. Not provided if the resource is cluster scoped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`resource_namespace` | Namespace of the evaluated resource. Empty if the resource is cluster scoped.
```

Author: Is not empty, is not present in the baggage at all

Author: Example: https://github.com/kubewarden/policy-server/blob/81279c84fa42323dc864029da52eb8827319388c/src/metrics/policy_evaluations_total.rs#L36-L41

Author: Updated to "Not present"

# Metrics Reference

Kubewarden exposes some relevant metrics that enhance visibility of the platform, and allows cluster
administrators and policy developers to identify patterns and potential issues.

## Policy Server

The Policy Server is the component that initializes and runs policies. Upon receiving requests from
the Kubernetes API server, it will forward the request to the policy, and return the response
provided by the policy to the Kubernetes API server.

### Metrics

> **Note**: Baggage are key-value attributes added to the metric. It is used to enrich the metric

> > with additional information.

Reviewer: I think it should be plural: `They can be used to enrich...`. That's because it refers to the "key-value attributes"
